docs: rework md book (#215)
quay/claircore: docs/reference/index_report.md

# Index Report

> An Index Report defines the contents of a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Index Report defines the contents of a manifest.
```

> An Index Report can be unpacked into a slice of Index Records which define a package, distribution, repository tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Index Report can be unpacked into a slice of Index Records, each of which defines a package, distribution, repository tuple.
```
